#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
amqp==2.6.1
    # via kombu
arrow==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
    #   uvicorn
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via aioredis
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.3.1
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via django-htmlmin
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
bleach==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-flexible-reports
brotli==1.0.9
    # via fonttools
celery[redis]==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
channels==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
channels_redis==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==2.0.3
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   uvicorn
    #   wosclient
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
crispy-forms-foundation==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
cssmin==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cssselect2==0.4.1
    # via weasyprint
daphne==2.5.0
    # via channels
dbfread==2.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via odfpy
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via django-import-export
dj-pagination==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.0.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   crispy-forms-foundation
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-braces
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-columns
    #   django-cookie-law
    #   django-dirtyfields
    #   django-dsl
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-favicon-plus
    #   django-filter
    #   django-flexible-reports
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-multiseek
    #   django-password-policies-iplweb
    #   django-querysetsequence
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-sendfile
    #   django-session-security-iplweb
    #   django-static-sitemaps
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-webmaster-verification
    #   djangorestframework
django-admin-sortable2==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-admin-tools==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-dbtemplates
django-autocomplete-light==3.9.0rc1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-multiseek
django-autoslug==1.9.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-braces==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cacheops==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-results==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-classy-tags==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cookie-law
django-columns==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-compat==1.0.15
    # via django-favicon-plus
django_compressor==2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cookie-law==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crispy-forms-foundation
django-dbtemplates @ git+git://github.com/jazzband/django-dbtemplates.git@ac86ca5ec97c47016146b4c3d7b3f0c77ce4f614
    # via -r requirements.in
django-denorm-iplweb==0.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-dirtyfields==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-dsl==0.1.11
    # via django-flexible-reports
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-favicon-plus==0.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter @ git+git://github.com/carltongibson/django-filter.git@512310fe880af675f33be964d85907db838f62ea
    # via -r requirements.in
django-flexible-reports==0.2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-fsm==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-grappelli==2.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-group-by==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-htmlmin==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-loginas==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-messages-extends==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-multiseek==0.9.46
    # via -r requirements.in
django-password-policies-iplweb==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-permissions-widget==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-querysetsequence==0.12
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis-cache==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-reversion==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-robots==4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sendfile==0.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
django-session-security-iplweb==2.6.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-static-sitemaps==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tables2==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-flexible-reports
django-taggit==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-taggit-serializer
django-taggit-serializer==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-webmaster-verification==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangoql==0.15.3
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
fonttools[woff]==4.26.2
    # via weasyprint
funcy==1.16
    # via django-cacheops
future==0.18.2
    # via moai-iplweb
greenlet==1.1.0
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via aioredis
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   django-htmlmin
    #   weasyprint
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via openpyxl
kombu==4.6.11
    # via celery
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   django-flexible-reports
    #   pyoai
markdown==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
moai-iplweb==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via channels-redis
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
olefile==0.44
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
packaging==21.0
    # via bleach
paste==3.5.0
    # via
    #   moai-iplweb
    #   pastescript
pastedeploy==2.1.1
    # via
    #   moai-iplweb
    #   pastescript
pastescript==3.2.1
    # via moai-iplweb
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-favicon-plus
    #   weasyprint
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   django-dsl
    #   djangoql
progressbar2==3.53.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydyf==0.1.1
    # via weasyprint
pymed-iplweb==0.8.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyoai==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moai-iplweb
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via twisted
pypandoc==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-flexible-reports
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyphen==0.11.0
    # via weasyprint
pytest-runner==5.3.1
    # via django-cookie-law
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   django-multiseek
python-utils==2.5.6
    # via progressbar2
pytz==2018.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-dirtyfields
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via tablib
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via django-compressor
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-redis-cache
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymed-iplweb
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   wosclient
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
sentry-sdk==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via twisted
simplejson==3.17.5
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   bleach
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-braces
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-compat
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-grappelli
    #   django-redis-cache
    #   django-static-sitemaps
    #   django-taggit-serializer
    #   html5lib
    #   moai-iplweb
    #   paste
    #   pastescript
    #   progressbar2
    #   pyoai
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-utils
    #   service-identity
    #   wsgi-intercept
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.22
    # via moai-iplweb
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-flexible-reports
    #   django-import-export
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
twisted[tls]==21.7.0
    # via daphne
txaio==21.2.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via twisted
unidecode==0.4.20
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
weasyprint==53.2
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.7
    # via moai-iplweb
wheel==0.36.2
    # via pypandoc
wosclient==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
wsgi-intercept==1.9.2
    # via moai-iplweb
wsgiutils==0.7.2
    # via moai-iplweb
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
zope.component==4.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
zope.deferredimport==4.3.1
    # via zope.component
zope.deprecation==4.4.0
    # via zope.component
zope.event==4.5.0
    # via zope.component
zope.hookable==5.1.0
    # via zope.component
zope.interface==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
    #   zope.component
    #   zope.proxy
zope.proxy==4.4.0
    # via zope.deferredimport
zopfli==0.1.8
    # via fonttools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
